Add link to PyData Helsinki (#11)
helsinki-python/helsinki-python.github.io: index.md

## Community

> - The [PyData Helsinki](https://pydata-helsinki.github.io/) arranges data and ML focused Python meetups in Helsinki.
> 
> - Our friends at [Archipylago](https://archipylago.dev/) down the road in Turku host
>   monthly meetups and sprints for Python people.

Reviewer: Let's put the 100% Python one first, and expand the ML abbreviation:

```suggestion
- Our friends at [Archipylago](https://archipylago.dev/) down the road in Turku host
  monthly meetups and sprints for Python people.

- The [PyData Helsinki](https://pydata-helsinki.github.io/) arranges data and machine-learning focused Python meetups in Helsinki.
```
